update management.md (#12695)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/company/management.md

[We have a set of handy templates to use](https://github.com/PostHog/meta/tree/main/.github/1-1-TEMPLATES) - feel free to adapt these for each team member. These are not to be followed strictly if you don't want to - this is to just save you having to create something from scratch. 

### Performance

> We care about having a consistent, transparent, and fair way to handle recurring performance issues. We don’t want this to be a source of stress for you - it’s not your core responsibility as a manager, and we want you to feel supported. The People & Ops team will prompt you to consider performance within your team at key moments to make this easy and straightforward, but the onus is on you to raise concerns early.

Author: ```suggestion
We care about having a consistent, transparent, and fair way to handle recurring performance issues. We don’t want this to be a source of stress for you - it’s not your core responsibility as a team lead, and we want you to feel supported. The People & Ops team will prompt you to consider performance within your team at key moments to make this easy and straightforward, but you proactively give feedback and raise concerns with your exec.
```
